[DOCS] Troubleshooting guide for Endpoint list when Transform stops running (#1043)
elastic/security-docs: docs/troubleshooting/management/ts-management.asciidoc

[[ts-management]]
== Management tools

> This topic covers common troubleshooting issues when using the {elastic-sec} <<sec-manage-intro, management tools>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic covers common troubleshooting issues when using {elastic-sec} <<sec-manage-intro, management tools>>.
```

[discrete]
[[ts-endpoints]]
=== Endpoints

[discrete]
[[ts-transform-failed]]
.Required transform failed
[%collapsible]
====

> If you encounter a `“Required transform failed”` notice on the Endpoints page, you can usually resolve the issue by restarting the transform. See {ref}/transforms.html[Transforming data] for more information on transforms.

Reviewer 2: Don't think you need the double quotes around the notice unless the message displays with quotes in the UI.

Author: I noticed similar messages formatted this way in the [other troubleshooting page](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/7.15/ts-detection-rules.html), so I went with it. @jmikell821 WDYT?

Reviewer: Since this is a specific error message, I'd leave the quotes in. If anyone sees different requirements in the style guide or elsewhere, let me know!

[role="screenshot"]
image::../images/endpoints-transform-failed.png[Endpoints page with Required transform failed notice]

To restart a transform that’s not running:

> . Go to *Stack Management -> Data -> Transforms*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Go to *Kibana -> Stack Management -> Data -> Transforms*.
```

> . Search for `endpoint.metadata_current-default` in the search box to find the transform for {endpoint-sec}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter `endpoint.metadata_current-default` in the search box to find the transform for {endpoint-sec}.
```

. Click the *Actions* icon (*...*) and do one of the following, depending on the value in the *Status* column:
* `stopped`: Select *Start* to restart the transform. 
* `failed`: Select *Stop* to first stop the transform, and then select *Start* to restart it.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::../images/transforms-start.png[Transforms page with Start option selected]

> . A confirmation message is displayed. Click *Start* to confirm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Start* in the confirmation message that displays to restart the transform.
```

Reviewer 2: I only suggested this because all of the other steps, minus the last one, start with verbs. Also, the revision I suggested seems a tad long, so feel free to ignore it if it reduces the step's readability.

> . Click *Start* in the confirmation message that displays to restart the transform.

Reviewer: WDYT about putting the location first here? Typically, I try to aim for location before action - but in some instances the opposite works better. 

```suggestion
. On the confirmation message that displays, click *Start* to restart the transform.
```

Author: Agree. In this instance having the location first helps the flow of the overall sentence.

> . The transform’s status will change to `started`. You might need to refresh the page to see the change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. The transform’s status changes to `started`. Refresh the page if you don't see the change.
```
